welcome to the Chicago improv thank you
for coming out as you know this is our
workshop graduation show down here it's
gonna be a lot of fun you're gonna see
some some very funny people up here some
have a little experience some are making
their comedy stage debut you're all here
to support someone right who do we have
we're supporting him to me we've been
meeting down here and working on in the
stage for the last three Saturdays
everybody's been working very hard
they've written an original comedy
routine they've come up here they
practiced it we talked about the
business talked about all different
things of comedy so thank you very much
for listening to me I want you to give a
round of applause now for your emcee
your host for the evening mr. Tim
Brennan
thank you guys very much I'm your host
Tim Brennan you guys running another
good show tonight
all right a little bit more about me I
also celebrated my 27th birthday
recently other comics age isn't just a
number it's an applause break but I'm
terribly a mature for my age lake most
of my friends by this time they've
gotten married none of them have asked
me to stand in their wedding because
they don't think I'm mature enough to
take the wedding seriously quote Hulk
Hogan one time in a best man speech no
one wants me in their wedding anymore I
do I'm actually an air traffic
controller so feel safe
people asked what it's like to be an air
traffic controller you know how
stressful is that my suicide rate all
that so I'll give you a little summary
of what it's like to be an air traffic
you guys know been to parties in Simmons
house
so you go to that house
push the toilet
slowly start to see
oh this is a good so you sit there and
you're jiggling the handle you're
tickling the handle we start praying you
haven't been to church since your
parents made you go everything you're
going only god this can't be happening
to me this kiponniemi
flex points one point one punch oh no
you see it start to rise start to rise
stretch your eyes and it cress you go
holy this isn't happening to me and then
it slowly goes back down you go cheese
that's what it's like being an air
traffic controller thank you by
practicing in the hood does come with
the elements of the hood I went out and
bought a foreclosed house that was
abandoned it was full of rats I'm
talking about hood rats from Detroit
they bite and they she apparently the
parking lot did not come with the
building so when I get to work in the
morning it's like shift change
cracked Central Station everybody's
coming up to me and telling you what
they know about medicine because they
all have their PhDs their pimps and hos
degrees
I don't what they feel at this point in
my life I know how I feel how I feel
right now I hooked that like kid like
you like those like late-night
commercials with the kid like the
third-world country right he's like
sitting there we're all sad like if you
send a nickel and a cup of water I'll
save this kid's life
are we the same kids I've been kissed
and they're rapping like a bottle of
whiskey in an xbox like please send
friends immediately
I'm glad we stopped because my last one
is he
she was born blonde we don't talk about
it much
there's nothing they can do we tried
dyeing her hair dark
she's a teenager now
she just figured out she has five
sisters and brothers
honey who'd you think all these kids
were she said
and then I go over and I'm mixing this
chemical up in a big bath and and the
aroma is really strong it gets into my
nostrils I take a whiff and I turn to
Homer Simpson then it splashes up into
my face and I turn into screaming Homer
my stepdad actually got a new phone
he had a flip phone for like 10 years
you know the old Fraser
Yeah right then one yeah it was awesome
called texted did nothing else yeah
but I do miss flip bones because you can
aggressively hang up on people if you
got repeated discussions
now when you want to hang up on people
it's just more like oh yeah I'll talk to
you later but where is it where is you
know there are these like three in words
that really keep like destroying my life
in words following me or really like
messing me up and don't get
white people the n-word Netflix Nutella
and naps they
those things in my life but it was a
skinny bitch model that once said
nothing tastes as good as skinny feels
we had bacon connections delicious
orderly a couple stars yeah yeah I know
speaks idol speak Spanish just want to
freak the white people out you know it's
like it's conscious by telling them no
you know what this guy's like we can't
even help on him he doesn't speak
English
it's just terrible but so newly sober
which sucks two years two months
actually two months you know his things
like colors birds chirping
Bill's you're also much money you don't
open the mail terrible that's the
problem and problem number two is I
can't get myself to remember how small I
am on a daily basis and I think the
issue is I see myself as this 10 foot
tall blue man with six arms razor sharp
teeth who I thought you know a
battle-axe and that's probably because
my mom brought me up Hindu and I believe
in blue men with six arms so this idea
of myself makes me do reckless things I
mean the other day my mom accused me of
not taking risks so I got these barely
visible side bangs whose the receipts
are now up if you like what you see
tonight and you would like to try this
be on the stage here at The Improv
please see Dave Johnson after all those
business cards all the information that
you guys need to come on stage and do
this next time with us that being said
are you ready for your headliner are you
ready for your headliner
all right you guys we're very happy to
have